docs: update ansible-docker-podman.md (#2443)
splunk/splunk-connect-for-syslog: docs/gettingstarted/ansible-docker-podman.md

SC4S installation can be automated with Ansible. To do this, you provide a list of hosts on which you want to run SC4S and basic configuration information, such as the Splunk endpoint, HEC token, and TLS configuration.

# Step 1: Prepare your initial configuration

1. Before running SC4S with Ansible, provide `env_file` with your Splunk endpoint and HEC token. To do this, create the file in `ansible/resources` catalog or edit the [example file](/ansible/resources/env_file):

``` dotenv
--8<---- "ansible/resources/env_file"
```

> 2. Provide a list of hosts on which you want to run your Docker Swarm cluster and the host application in the inventory file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Provide a list of hosts on which you want to run your cluster and the host application in the inventory file:
```

Author: updated

``` yaml
--8<---- "ansible/inventory/inventory.yaml"
```
# Step 2: Deploy SC4S on your configuration
1. If you have Ansible installed on your host, run the Ansible playbook to deploy SC4S. Otherwise, use the Docker Ansible image provided in the package:
```bash
# From repository root
docker-compose -f ansible/docker-compose.yml build
docker-compose -f ansible/docker-compose.yml up -d
docker exec -it ansible_sc4s /bin/bash
```

> 2. If you used the Docker Ansible image in step 1, then from your container remote shell, authenticate to and run the Docker Swam Ansible playbook.

Reviewer: Name collision, step 1 was used in the header of the previous section

Author: good point, that is totally confusing! I changed it to "previous step" but I'm making notes and maybe we can rethink the numbering and structure oin the next round of reviews.

> 2. If you used the Docker Ansible image in step 1, then from your container remote shell, authenticate to and run the Docker Swam Ansible playbook.

Reviewer: `and run the playbook`

Author: updated

```ini
syslog-ng starting up; version='3.28.1'
```

> You can verify if all services in the Swarm cluster work by checking the ```sc4s_container``` in Splunk. Each service should have a different container ID. All other fields should be the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can verify if all SC4S instances work by checking the ```sc4s_container``` in Splunk. Each instance should have a different container ID. All other fields should be the same.
```
